So this sort of simulated hack map right here in this simulated set work pretty well in simple situations.
But things become problematic especially given the fact that all object properties must be strings.
So whenever you do something like for example map and then let's do a string five like so sort of equal
to foo.
And then after that you map well defined right there set that equal to bar like so whenever I cancelled
or log this do a concert or log map 5 the number right there you see that it actually prints out bar
because behind the scenes since all object properties must be strings.
This is implicitly coerced into a string.
So in other words it does work.
Now that being said there is another problem and that is using objects as keys so for example if I did.
Like let's say Konst key one set it equal to an object an empty object Konski to set equal to an object.
And then I try to save values for these sort and map and then let's a key one cause key one.
And then let's say I did map key to equals key to like so then I go ahead and cancel the log map key
one like so you're going to see that this clearly doesn't work and instead it looks like I just overrode
key one with key two.
And that's because the string representation of an object looks something like this looks like an Object
object.
So in other words behind the scenes since we can't use an object as a key this is coerced into the string
representation of an object in the string representation of an object.
Always looks like this.
So in other words whenever I try to do this they both reference the same exact thing and because they
both reference the same exact thing it's practically like I'm overwriting one with the other because
in the eyes of javascript Q1 and Q2 are the same thing because they're just string representations of
objects.
Intuitively you would think like hey you know they're referencing different objects so there should
be different keys but unfortunately that's not how it works because it's coerced into the string version
of an object.
So once again that doesn't really work.
And of course using numbers in general and storing values inside of numbers can also be problematic
if I did something like For example let's do a map and then we store a map let's say inside of here
and we set it equal to we'll do one in this particular case if I check for the existence of this number
right here.
It's going to work out pretty well.
And the reason it's going to work is because we know one is a truthy value.
So it's kind of unclear what I'm trying to do here.
Am I checking for the existence of a non-zero value in that case.
This would make sense but overall it's still kind of confusing as to whether I'm checking if there is
a value assigned to this key at all or if I'm just checking for the existence of a non-zero value.
So a lot of problems associated with it especially when things get more complicated you start to see
the shortcomings of trying to use these objects as sets and maps and all the problems I just discussed
with maps also apply to sets as well.
So we'll look at a new way to do it in the next few.